hello and welcome to another episode of
movie spoiler alerts today we're talking
about the 2006 fantasy swashbuckler film
Pirates of the Caribbean Dead Man's
Chest so let's get started
the summary does rely in part that
you've seen the previous film if you'd
like to see a spoiler please check out
the link in the cards the wedding of
Will Turner in Elizabeth Swann is halted
when Lord Cutler Beckett arrives with
the rest warrants for both of them and
for Commodore James Norrington who
allowed Captain Jack Sparrow to escape
Norton has resigned and disappeared
after losing the Navy's flagship in a
hurricane while pursuing Sparrow Sparrow
is visited by Will's father
bootstrap Bill Turner bootstrap is now a
crewman on the flying dutchman captained
by Davy Jones Jack previously bartered
with Davy Jones to raise the black pearl
from the depths of the ocean now Jack
must join Jones's crew or be dragged
down to Davy Jones's Locker by the
Kraken meanwhile Lord Beckett promises
to free Elizabeth if will will bring him
Jack's magic compass which points to
whatever the holder wants most wil finds
Jack and the crew on an island and frees
them from cannibals
shortly after governor Swann frees
Elizabeth from jail but he is then
captured Elizabeth bargains with Lord
Beckett to find the compass disguised as
a cabin boy aboard the Scottish merchant
vessel Elizabeth finds Jack and
Norrington Jack and the crew visit a
voodoo priestess Tia Dalma who reveals
Jones's weakness as his heart which is
locked within the dead man's chest Jack
must find the chest and the key that
opens it will makes a deal with Jack to
find the key to the chest in return for
the compass Jack tricks will who is
forced him to service aboard the
Dutchman will meets his father bootstrap
bill and learns that Jones has the key
to his chest will escapes with the key
and is taken aboard the same ship that
Elizabeth is on Jones sends the Kraken
after will sinking the ship but will is
able to escape Jack hires a new crew
including Elizabeth and Norrington with
Elizabeth's use of Jack's compass they
are able to locate the chests all
parties arrive on Isla cruise for the
chest is buried but
sword fight breaks out between jack will
and Norrington all who on the heart of
Davy Jones for their own reasons Jack
wants to use it to call off the Kraken
will wants to rescue his father and
Norrington wants to regain his life as a
Navy officer in the chaos Norrington
steals the heart runs off Davy Jones
attacks the Pearl with the Kraken which
devours most of the crew Jack wounds the
Kraken with a net full of explosives
Jack orders the survivors to abandon
ship
but Elizabeth realizing that the Kraken
only wants Jack tricks Jack and chains
him to the mass so that the crew can
escape the kraken drags Jack and the
Black Pearl the Davy Jones's Locker Davy
Jones opens the chest and discovers that
his heart is gone in Port Royal
Norrington gives Lord Beckett the heart
allowing him to come back into the Navy
as well as allowing Lord Beckett to gain
control over Davy Jones and the Seas the
black pearls crew takes shelter with Tia
Dalma where they all agreed to rescue
Jack T Adama introduces a captain that
will guide them the resurrected Captain
Barbossa from the first film in a
post-credits scene we see that the
cannibalistic tribe from earlier in the
film now worships a dog in replacement
of Jack so that was the spoilers for
pirates the Caribbean Dead Man's Chest
if you have another film you'd like to
see me spoil please let me know in the
comments below check out movie's spoiler
alerts on the various forms of social
media and remember to Like and subscribe
thanks for watching